should he make himself eligible for the
NBA Draft and that's why we're here
today and we'll hear it from the man
himself Patti has three options he can
get himself an agent there have been
many circling around that would
immediately change his status from
amateur to professional and end his
college career after two over possible
for years secondly he can declare his
eligibility for the draft and enter the
caps and the tryouts with any NBA teams
that are interested and if there's great
interest he stays in the draft and on
jun 25th madison square garden in new
york he crosses his fingers in hopes his
name is one of the ones chosen if it's
in the top 30 is a first rounder he's
guaranteed a three-year NBA contract and
the millions to come with it if he's
chosen in the second or third round
there are no contracts or money's
guaranteed but he'll never play college
basketball again this second option has
an out clause as an underclassman you
can withdraw from the draft before 25th
to and 25th and still go back to college
as long as those you have an employed an
agent the third option is patty ignores
the hype and he stays outs and marries
so we got patty on the line daddy what's
it going to be well we are firstly thank
you everyone for coming out it it has
been an exciting few years but I'm you
know the very you know after seasonal I
have to come across that they look dumb
I've come to the conclusion that mines
my intention if it's a request for the
NBA Draft without finding using agents
on formalities and paperwork they need
to be to be sorted out I've come to the
side that I'm river I wanted to chase my
dreams and and I'm really you know push
myself and challenge myself in the next
level and then you must test the waters
and and get the feedback that I need
from from the next level of my intention
to declare for the NBA Draft okay so
Patti has there said that he's going to
declare for the NBA Draft he hasn't
employed an option and
agent so he's taken the second option
which is you've got an out clause our
claws as an underclassman you can
withdraw from the draft before jun 25th
and still go back to college are there
any questions from people in the
teleconference so patty it's ross lewis
from the West Australian newspaper how
agonizing was that decision and when did
you actually determine what course of
action you were going to time yeah look
it was a it's a copper season you know
but um no sitting down there is
definitely my family and a microsphere
close to me we'll look at basically a
win-win situation and my intention at
the moment declaring for the draft I'll
go in I'll test the waters get the
feedback and then only if the women
situation if I don't get the feedback
and then I want all that I need to be in
the NBA and then I can drill my name and
come back for my third year famous look
Patrick homies knocking sport 97 and
Melbourne and also acts have radio in
the ACC some of the mock drafts have you
going sort of around that 2224
potentially with possibly going to New
Orleans does it excite you about the
prospect of learning from a player like
Chris Paul oh no question although I
mean no therefore you know even being
put on the phone coach Paul is is you
know something that I'm very thrilled to
be but it you know to be living any team
in the NBA I'm sure if there's going to
be a great point guard or I'll be able
to learn off and pick up things from and
learn about the game more as you know
mature athlete and so it is exciting
howdy how it's adam to see here from a
strain associated press was there have
you sort of had any indication in terms
of things that might be interested in in
terms of weird over in the sights yeah
look they're all on formalities that i
was going to come across the book few
weeks leading up to work out their info
on but I'm yeah look there I said
they're all still to come but for for me
at the moment I mean working on my
conditioning working on my weight
program working on my you know
basketball is there's a really the only
thing that I that I'm you know worrying
about it at this point and then you know
with weeks to come them then I guess
we'll we'll sit down and sort out the
teams and so on Patti Michael calyx from
The Herald in Sydney later
congratulations I just wondering has it
been hard to put all that hype that's
been around behind you and shut it off
while you've been concentrating on
college stuff yeah maybe it's very hard
I'm unbelievably hard and I've never
been in this situation before obviously
so um you know I'm new twitter i'm new
to the you know knowing how to how to
handle um you know or off the court
distractions as well as handling my
basketball work on the court and also
handling school as well so you know as
you can imagine you know myopic very
full at the moment and then you look
just trying to try to do the best that i
can in this situation but um you know
I've still got another semester unless
that college here say meri zindagi
welcome I'm doing all this i can at
schools with the finish of this semester
and a lot of like i said whatever
happens in with in the future you know
happen make it up sorry Maggie go ahead
but I was just wondering if do you
realize what you imagine how frantic
it's going to be over the next few
months here look um I've definitely
heard a lot of stories about you know
what what people need to go through if
they bowls and and you know from the
from the Bayer I all up up you know on
my wallet that's what I want to achieve
unless my dream goal of reaching the NBA
you know I'm gonna I'm gonna do
everything I can to put myself in the
best possible position you're right i'm
in terms of you know and in getting the
show
you know it's going to be the fourth day
every day so I'm it very hectic and can
act of sacrifice a lot of things enough
no sir the piece Patti we're starting to
lose you a little bit there my is there
any chance that you can